Isn't this the second miss of the Shangguan family?
Don't look, the second division has a higher status
It's Dong Fansheng
How dare you!
Don't you know who is in charge of the Shangguan family now?
Who gave you the right?
Let you do it for this woman Shangguan Linglong
before and after the saddle
Second Miss, remember this.
You are just a dog of the Shangguan family
To be a dog, you have to recognize your owner
You only work for the Shangguan family
Outsider's business
Don't worry, understand?
2 Miss I Shangguan Yu
What do you mean?
What do I mean?
I will not come again
The Shangguan family's reputation will be ruined by you
My good sister
You don't think there's a flying feast secretly held here
Witness to a few people
Just do it.
Fiancé jokes Shangguan Linglong
I suggest you hurry back with me
Marry Guan Mingcheng obediently
Complete your mission
Kind of.
Do something for our Shangguan family
Meager contribution
The key is that you are the fiancé he is looking for
Just a wild dog
How dare you cling to my Shangguan family
Go and have your spring and autumn dreams
I don't agree with this marriage